but give it the okay and just later
take cover that's all you're gonna do
you think what there take cover
is there don't we go food good Yolo it
up a little bit
oh nice and here comes like nice nice
all right all right
what ok these carvings shit dude what
but what the hell do we do now are you
just sitting there there at least you
guys there there are three yeah I see
one coming your way I'm ready with my
stun gun if anything happens you figure
you form a plan okay here he comes
I'm here I'm ready you gotta be ready
bro I got him he's got to take his body
though look here comes a light now take
the body take the body
the cypher movie this life is moving ok
you guys looking here I have to do now
it's no never no no no no cuz if he sees
you it's over if he sees a body it isn't
over okay he's looking around with the
laser
let's just hope everything goes well
everybody we get out of cover so no do
not get out of gonna no I like a lot of
cover mode oh okay this guy dams make
sure you see him I have that I'm going
how did he see us
a guy came like oh no the sniper sauce
yeah what is this T maybe this is
another way up
oh right yeah should I look push I just
hope right look look look yeah yeah you
know we could do I am now it's just to
go in there and shoot both the lasers
yeah I was just married just for later
how does it look Diana is there another
way up Oh what I did not know you are
all right now yeah yeah yeah it's not
one with the moving lasers mmm
do you see it what hmm I got the guy to
the right you take the guy left please
gonna go let's let's go no the shit
let's fucking rock
busting their like with a fucking LAPD
yeah that's what I'm talking about
I died a spinster thank you I did
awesome
teyla richard style I got to get to left
oh my god I'm a fucking Beast
pink pink pink pink pink pink
I'm in arrest arrest I gotta go it's
just something you have your frozen egg
managed differently
he's me on the other side though I think
I said actually I am Jenna the job for
me
big big big big big big big big did you
guess hey I like you no good now you got
to make it back my do you see the switch
from there mmm
oh okay sure but what's the funny bit
no no come on no no the best of this you
know what I mean you can slide under
that ha ha ha I wasn't no other slide of
course I totally could have slid over
dude how do you slide run in a queue cuz
really really are you wait yeah dude
you're not setting far enough that's not
far enough
he's like half a meter you just gotta be
perfect you just gotta be Richard don't
get my guys moving I don't know where
he's going he's gonna come to me
okay the snipers looking towards me now
my guys moving should I kill him
no these weights okay so he's at the
stairs right now just standing there
the sniper does he ever look another way
like he's still looking generally this
way okay now now he's moving he's moving
right should I take out my guy yeah go
for it go for take him out
just take the guy out fuck the snipers
okay this doesn't go okay I'm going for
it it's like a month no eat this other
guys right here dude okay he's walking
away okay come on come on come on I got
to throw this guy off I just got a nose
good eye yeah go for it good
good eye man guy did you see that
yeah all right I recovered Lee oh that
was an old day over this locker all
right one down three to go
I've got one shot left on this film I'm
gonna go up this way take it to cheer my
guy my guy my guy there's a guy who's
coming
thorry I'm hiding inside the helicopter
dude do you see the other guy he's
coming over you guys as he did you hide
the body Richard he was hidden did he
see him oh please man don't go in there
don't go in there bro he'll know it's in
there man oh you gotta take him up yes
take him up the snipers not looking
separately Eagles dude I thought he was
going up shoot him shoot him cybers
looking at me
snipers looking at me hide against again
hide again we only got there he's good
okay so when the sniper the snipers
walking somebody so he's gonna look at
you out of ammo bro I don't know are you
sure the sniper can't see the bodies
yeah answer sorry so I can move now when
he's looking at you okay I'm climbing up
behind him oh I'm gonna take him out
I got one shot left on the stun gun I
know who it's for
it's like use that's not the stun gun
that is okay Europe he's out well played
Oh Sony going up we're good oh this is
applying here oh we got a zipline out of
you I'm hacking take the zipline bro but
it leads down the air like what let's
take it anyway oh it's over there okay
you don't know man maybe cards will come
again
maybe they got reinforcements oh dude I
almost ran into a camera oh nice I was
so fucking close once
yeah be careful any lights stay away
from them I'm going to slit your throat
did you get detected hmm
hostiles are disturbed everyone
understood you know pretty stuff no yeah
I got that Jenna even counting the guy
threw off yeah that guy's dead